Now I'm going to remove the saddle, so
my indicator here is this last rib. So.
Can you hear the difference I'm
tapping on it with the back of my knife?
That's my indicator, here is my last rib.
I want that last rib attached to the rack.
That's where we're going to make our money
in the restaurant.
It's a little bit
more valuable than this loin cut.
So what I'm going to do?
Let's go right against that bone.
You with me?
And I'm going to stick my knife through
and I'm going to come all the way up
to the top.
I want to switch sides,
so on the opposite side, I'm
going to use that last rib
as my indicator knife through again
and coming up
following that bone right up.
OK, so
now that I've to lean I'm
just going to lean it off the board,
I'm just going to.
I'm going to come down to the spine here
just so that I can see.
That's fine.
Now, when we're doing a cut like this,
it's important that we're going to find
that joint in the vertebrae.
Okay, knives are for cutting muscle,
not for cutting bone,
so I'm actually going in between here.
If you're not careful,
you could lose a tip of your knife.
So I just want to make sure
there's my spot.
I'm holding on to the saddle.
I want to make sure this cut is straight
because it is my rack of lamb
on the opposite side.
And there's that gravity
going to make sure I'm holding on to
it before I cut through here.
And here's our saddle.
You can see here.
That's that loin. OK.
Nice marbling in here.